here we have an IBM thinkpad 39 DX it
has windows 2000 professional with
service pack for it has 128 megabytes of
RAM has the latest version of firefox
and thunderbird installed it has open
office 3.0 for word excel and access
compatibility and
it has Media Player 9 with all the
latest updates and it has a cisco
aironet 802 11 b and g wireless adapter
will just demonstrate here that we can
connect and play a radio tuner
while browsing ebay
this is a rugged little computer it's an
older model but it surfs the internet
well and has all the office applications
you could need and we'll play a little
classical jazz station while we browse
ebay
looking at available thinkpads
give this your clinic and Chad holy
that Nelson place you get just
with it and you can see it streams audio
quite well from the radio player bit
choppy playing video if you're trying to
do Fox on demand or hula might improve
if you doubled the ram capacity with a
chip upgrade here's some example
thinkpads of a similar specification
and this item is available up for bid
under the store leather and more store
on ebay
you
and we have a broad variety of other
items available for auction and buy it
now in our store so visit us now and
place a bid while you still can